INPUTS
Physical conditions of the system. Will be collected in a dictionary.
The program only needs (and only will use):
    temperature (K)
    refractive index of the material (adimensional factor)
    neighbour radius (nm). Maximum distance considered for the interaction (should be consistent with the lattice
        parameter, if given)

Generic molecule initialization.
Firtsly the keys for the possible electronic states are given (print). And it is said that by default every molecule
is setted in the ground state.
Possible states:        'g_s': ground state
                        's_1': first excited singlet state
                        't_1': first excited triplet state

Then, the natural parameters of the molecule are defined:
state_energies: dictionary with the electronic states as keys with the energy of each state as argument.
relaxation_energies: analogous dictionary with the relaxation energies
transition_moment: dipole transition moment tridimensional vector, given in the RS of the molecule.

Morphology parameters:
    order: string parameter. Valid commands: 'ordered' (crystal) or 'disordered' (amorphous).
    dimensions: given in terms of the number of molecules per side (supercell format). (List)
    lattice_parameter (nm). Physical size of the molecule in the lattice. Only needed in 'ordered' systems.
        With these two parameters the physical dimensions of the system will be computed as:
        dimensions * lattice_parameter. This operation is done in the initialize_system function.
        The dimensionality of the system will be taken as the length of the list dimensions
    num_molecules: integer. Only needed for 'disordered' systems. The physical dimensions are computed considering
        that the intermolecular medium distance is 1A.

    orientation: string parameter. Valid commands 'random', 'parallel', 'antiparallel'. Referred to the
        orientation of the molecules in relation to each other.
    reference_orientation: unit vector. Necessary only for 'parallel' or 'antiparallel' orientation.

excitons: dictionary with the information of the excitons desired. The keys will be the state references.
    The arguments will be a list with the positions of each exciton.
    Possible positions: 'random', 'centre', 'first', 'last', 'furthest'.

